# Bank Account Code

## Question
Let's create a bank account. Create a class named 'BankAccount' with the following data members
1. Name of depositor
2. Address of depositor
3. Type of account
4. Balance in account

Class 'BankAccount' has a method for each of the following
1. Generate a unique account number for each depositor for first depositor, account number will be BA1000, for second depositor it will be BA1001 and so on
2. Display information and balance of depositor
3. Deposit more amount in balance of any depositor
4. Withdraw some amount from balance deposited
5. Change address of depositor

After creating the class, do the following operations
1. Enter the information (name, address, type of account, balance) of the depositors as an input from the user. Store the information of 5 depositors.
2. Print the information of any depositor.
3. Add some amount to the account of any depositor and then display final information of that depositor
4. Remove some amount from the account of any depositor and then display final information of that depositor
5. Change the address of any depositor and then display the final information of that depositor

## Description
This code solution has two classes `Account` and `Bank`. `Account` class has definition of the attributes and getters, setters, and methods related to bank. `Bank` class has main method which takes input from the user and stores the objects of bank in an arraylist.

### Account
Attributes are: name, address, type of account, balance, and account number.
`Account` Class has methods to get and set the values of the attributes. It also has methods to print the state of the object, deposit and withdraw amount from the balance, and change the address of the depositor. The account number is generated automatically for each depositor. The account number is generated by incrementing the account number of the previous depositor.


### Bank
`Bank` class has a method to take input from the user and return the object of `Account`. It also has a method to show the option menu and perform the operation of the user. The option is iterated from main method and the operation is performed in the `Account` class. The iteration stops if the user press `0`.